feat: no-invalid-properties allowUnknownVariables option (#178)
eslint/css: docs/rules/no-invalid-properties.md

}
```

## Options

This rule accepts an option which is an object with the following property:

- `allowUnknownVariables` (default: `false`) - Ignore variables that cannot be traced to custom properties in the current file

> When a variable is used in a property value, such as `var(--my-color)`, the rule can only properly be validated if the parser has already encountered the `--my-color` custom property. With `{ allowUnknownVariables: false }`, unknown variables will result in a lint error. With `{ allowUnknownVariables: true }`, the property value will be ignored and only the property name will be validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a variable is used in a property value, such as `var(--my-color)`, the rule can only properly be validated if the parser has already encountered the `--my-color` custom property. With `{ allowUnknownVariables: false }`, unknown variables will result in a linting error. With `{ allowUnknownVariables: true }`, the property value will be ignored and only the property name will be validated.
```

Examples of **incorrect** code with `{ allowUnknownVariables: false }` (the default):

```css

> a {
> 	color: var(--my-color);
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* eslint css/no-invalid-properties: ["error", { allowUnknownVariables: false }] */

a {
	color: var(--my-color);
}
```

Can we add eslint config comments in `incorrect` and `correct` examples?

```

> This code uses `var(--my-color)` before `--my-color` was defined, or where it is defined in another CSS file. Therefore, `color: var(--my-color)` cannot be property validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code uses `var(--my-color)` before `--my-color` is defined, or whether it is defined in another CSS file. Therefore, `color: var(--my-color)` cannot be properly validated.
```

> Examples of **correct** code with `{ allowUnknownVariables: false }`:

Reviewer: `/* eslint css/no-invalid-properties: ["error", { allowUnknownVariables: false }] */`

in this example also.

Author: Done

This code defines `--my-color` before it is used and therefore the rule can validate the `color` property. If `--my-color` was not defined before `var(--my-color)` was used, it results in a lint error because the validation cannot be completed.

Examples of **incorrect** code with `{ allowUnknownVariables: true }`:

```css

> a {
> 	ccolorr: var(--my-color);
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* eslint css/no-invalid-properties: ["error", { allowUnknownVariables: true }] */

a {
	ccolorr: var(--my-color);
}
```

```

This code uses an unknown property `ccolorr`, which results in a validation error. The unknown reference to `var(--my-color)` is ignored.

Examples of **correct** code with `{ allowUnknownVariables: true }`:

```css

> a {
> 	color: var(--my-color);
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* eslint css/no-invalid-properties: ["error", { allowUnknownVariables: true }] */

a {
	color: var(--my-color);
}
```
